Update config to handle relative frontend/backend during webpack build. (#13927)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/young-chairs-check.md

---
'@backstage/core-app-api': patch
---

> Apps will now detect when a relative `backend.baseUrl` or `app.baseUrl` is provided and update it to be a full URL. This means that you can provide relative URLs and they will be resolved as expected across the application.

Reviewer: Ohhhhh, I just now got this. Basically, we're detecting when they're the same and then rewriting to the current origin.

> Apps will now rewrite `app.baseUrl` and `backend.baseUrl` to match `location.origin` when `app.baseUrl` is the same as `backend.baseUrl`. This will help reduce the number of frontend builds you have to do with a specific config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apps will now rewrite the `app.baseUrl` configuration to match the current `location.origin`. The `backend.baseUrl` will also be rewritten in the same way when the `app.baseUrl` and `backend.baseUrl` have matching origins. This will reduce the need for separate frontend builds for different environments.
```

> Apps will now rewrite `app.baseUrl` and `backend.baseUrl` to match `location.origin` when `app.baseUrl` is the same as `backend.baseUrl`. This will help reduce the number of front end builds you have to do with a specific config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apps will now rewrite `app.baseUrl` and `backend.baseUrl` to match `location.origin` when `app.baseUrl` is the same as `backend.baseUrl`. This will help reduce the number of frontend builds you have to do with a specific config.
```

It's what we usually use 😅
